AI GENERATED. Oh that's OK.
And
All right.
Felicity,
you better sit on some chair.
Be careful.
Are you all right?
Yes,
yes,
right.
Be careful.
Expose
All right,
so should we start now?
It's all right?
Are we focus this?
Forgive me now and then I'll turn away and look at the time.
I'm,
I'll just be,
I'm just,
I'll just be checking that.
It's where that's fine.
Or an extension if you have an extension cord,
that would work too.
Do you want to just hold a watch?
That'd be perfectly all right too if I could borrow a watch from somebody.
And like it was nice.
It's a digital one I'm afraid not.
1014.
I'm not gonna be on camera so I can look at the watch and do all sorts of things.
You do what you like.
I think you're jingle it around.
It ticks too loudly.
Not wrong yet.
Are you wrong?
Just.
I'm setting up
Hm
just resetting.
The telephone off the hook.
Yes,
it is.
The little 1 may
start crying.
That'd be nice.
Neck,
you must look after the neck of the baby.
That's the issue they are.
That's little motherhood.
So about 50 minutes we'll we'll,
uh,
we'll make you about
50 minutes long.
I will answer in short,
would be better.
Whatever you feel like.
Because how many questions you ask it depends on
depends on how long your answers are.
I can go on.
Uh,
it's all spontaneous.
So 10:20,
if we started at 10:20,
what time would be 50 minutes later.
11 100.
You better keep it facing for me.
11 so if we start at 10:20,
then if we finish at 11:10,
that's 50 minutes.
That's right,
50 minutes will do.
It's
it could be long then.
OK,
you,
you can roll,
you can start rolling it.
May in order to understand.
The process of
realisation.
Which is
Very complicated and
almost has a kind of scientific
discipline to it.
But first,
maybe you could say a word about the goal.
In order to in order to anchor our discussion so.
Uh,
could you say something about the highest realisation,
what,
what the goal of this entire process is?
The goal
of this process is
to begin with,
we should say,
is to become the spirit.
The spirit
is the reflection.
Of our Creator,
the God Almighty in our heart.
Which is the collective being within us.
Now of course this is all a theory for you,
and you can take in a hypothesis,
but it's a fact
and can be found out.
After you get your self realisation,
you
feel
the manifestation of the spirit
in your nervous system,
in your conscious mind.
This is the goal to begin with.
If you talk of the very higher things,
it could be confusing.
So the first is self-realization.
That is the first goal.
You said that the spirit,
you defined the spirit as the reflection of
God Almighty in the heart.
Yes,
please.
What is,
what do you mean by God Almighty?
God Almighty is.
Uh,
the
A
who
Is everything.
He's the one who is the creator.
He is the one
who has desire to create.
The one
who is can destroy if he has no desires left
and he's the one who gives us sustainance,
who gives us
this evolution by which we have become human beings.
He's the entire thing.
It is all his play.
I was
under the impression that the Kundalini
was mother Kundalini and that and that.
Uh,
that,
that this energy
uh was was feminine and now you you refer to
the divine as he.
Yes,
he is divine and she is also divine.
What could be divine,
but he is
the one who is the witness of the play of his desire,
and his desire is the primordial kundalini is the primordial mother,
is the holy ghost as they call it,
and she's
reflected within us as the kundalini.
When
this reflection,
that is the kundalini
meets the reflection that is
the spirit,
then the yoga takes place,
then the union takes place.
Uh,
what was,
what was the divine doing
before it,
it,
it created anything is
is.
It was sleeping.
It was complete silence and then it awoke when it is awakened,
the creation is created
out of his power,
but he is just the witness.
Is
Is the goal to participate in the divine play or to return to the complete silence?
Is first is.
Get into that play
to become one with the hole.
That is the first goal,
as I said.
And you,
you,
you don't think it would be helpful to speak about anything beyond that.
Just now it can be dangerous,
you see.
This is difficult for people
in the west who don't understand.
Uh,
the idea of,
of a secret teaching that unfolds as,
as,
as a person develops,
they,
they
over here,
we think that we can hear everything
all at once.
You see,
it is a living process
and in the West,
I don't know how many have studied living processes.
Living process is never like that.
First,
the seed,
then the roots,
then the tree,
then the leaves,
and then the
flowers,
and then the fruit.
See,
so it is a living process.
Now we are human beings at the stage when we are flowers.
Now we have to become the fruits.
Then the fruit has to grow.
But we understand living process,
we can understand why we have to first get self-realization.
That's why Buddha did not talk of God,
because if you talk of God,
it's too far-fetched.
So better to talk of self-realization first,
he thought,
because if you talk of something abstract,
then people get fizzled out.
So
as a spiritual mother,
you,
you teach your children
and show them how to become one with the entire cosmic play.
Yes,
first of all,
to become
your microcosm should become one with a microcosm.
first feel that
first understand that,
and then grow into it.
Now how do
your your disciples or your spiritual children
do this?
It's it's obviously not just a matter of philosophy about thinking about it.
How do they proceed along the path?
As I said,
it's a living process,
and for living process you cannot do anything about it.
It's spontaneous,
but as in the living process you have seen
that if you have to sprout a seed,
you have to put it to the mother earth,
and the mother earth has the capacity to sprout.
It's spontaneous.
You don't have to do anything about it in the same way if I am the mother earth.
If you put your hands towards me,
you can get your realisation.
It's very simple,
but once you get realisation,
you can also give realisation to others by raising their
kundalini because from your hand that divine power starts flowing.
For the first time after realisation,
you start feeling the divine power.
Many things happen though I said it's slow,
but it's very fast.
It's so fantastic and so dynamic that
even self-realization is difficult to contain.
Many spiritual traditions they'll talk about spiritual cultivation.
It's,
it's uh if you just put a seed in the earth and,
and just leave it to chance,
many,
many
unfortunate things can happen.
Are there any disciplines or or protections that that your
students engage in?
For instance,
dietary restrictions or formal meditation or different practises.
I don't think you need it anymore.
You have done it in previous lives.
You've had enough of it.
You don't need any more now.
What you need
is a realisation.
The trouble is we must also understand that the creation of God is the epitome.
is the human race,
and it is on the brink of its destruction.
So the divine itself has taken steps to see that forgive everything
now just get them realised it's like emergency,
you can say.
Or
the last judgement has started or the resurrection
time as described by Mohammed Saba started.
He has precisely once said that your hands will speak what Sir Joga is doing.
It is all described also by many saints thousands of years back,
the seers who have described the coming of Sirjoga in those days.
So you feel.
That you,
you have experienced or you have the vision that that
uh the human race is living in the last days in
in
in a in a time of
of.
Unusual
cosmic emergency and flowering.
Of course,
no doubt about it.
Without that they would not take to God also this is something
with human beings unless they are put to that kind of a
frantic condition they just don't look at
things.
But haven't human beings almost always felt that way?
I mean,
hasn't hasn't there always been a frantic condition?
haven't
spiritual teachers,
most of them always
warned people that there's not much time left
and that they're living in the last days.
I don't think they did it that way because most of them said that this will happen.
They always talked of the future.
All the prophets have talked of the future of this time.
Even William Blake,
who came 100 years back,
has talked about it.
Everybody has talked about this time that this blossom time will come,
and that is the time many flowers
will become fruits,
and it is why precarious because at that time it's a very
delicate time.
At the time when you are flowers,
it's easy to destroy.
It's beautiful that you call it a blossoming time,
I mean,
many many uh.
Many people who predict the doom doom doom doomsday
would call this a time of great destruction,
but you're calling it a time of blossom.
Yes,
first the blossom,
then the doom.
The blossom because you have to become the fruits,
and once you have become the fruits,
the rest is useless,
it's thrown away so that you can call as a doomday.
But first God must give us,
give,
give you a complete chance to be the flowers,
to be the fruits.
Isn't it in his compassion?
The
Students who gather around you as you call them your spiritual children.
Are they are they have different.
Levels of of of capacity or or or can all of
them receive receive this realisation and transmit it to others?
All of them,
all of them can receive.
As long as you are a human being,
you can get realisation.
But
they are sometimes very complicated people.
They have had attacks.
They have had
physical problems,
mental problems,
emotional problems.
They are a special category,
of course.
There are some people who are a special category.
Maybe you may not find that seeking in some people,
but once you have established
a quite a number of people who are real realises,
the others will follow them.
So you feel that just being human itself,
just having the human,
the human soul and the human body is enough for globalisation.
Is that somewhat different than
traditional Indian teaching?
It is not different.
Uh,
but I'm different,
I think.
Uh,
perhaps,
uh,
I'm endowed with something special
that I can do it in a better way,
perhaps.
So the karmic process of uh of
reincarnation and gradual preparation is being speeded up
very much,
but it was a long time back when Christ came
actually never told nobody told us that Christ has come in India.
That's the confusion about
the way they presented Christ.
Christ was not like that.
Christ came on this earth.
His,
his name is Mahavishnu in the Indian scriptures,
and he was to come
to suck our sins and our karmas and his.
Placed in a centre called Aga,
the last centre here,
6th before entering into the,
we can say the.
kingdom of God.
This centre was the most important one where Christ Himself established,
and if he is awakened,
he sucks in your karmas.
This is already promised in all the Indian scriptures.
They were waiting for this Mahavishnu to come,
but the missionaries who went with the guns in the one hand and the
Bible in the other,
they never understood Christ.
You see,
I don't know what they were talking and the way they talked about Christ,
nobody could believe that it was Mahavishnu.
But now when I told them it was Mahavishnu,
they are all changed.
Of course that was Christ and he was Mahavishnu.
He's already come,
so you don't have to suffer.
There is nothing like karma
in Serjoga.
If you can raise your Kundalini up to that and if Christ is awaken,
he succeed for it.
He's done it already.
He died for us for this purpose only.
It's a special type
of a very special incarnation of the divine
uh.
Vibrations itself,
I mean,
he is an abstract God who came on this earth tremendous personality.
It was created.
It's all written down.
Were you
What was your spiritual training as a as a young woman?
What was your family background and and when when did you feel it?
When did you experience that there may have
been something special given to you spiritually?
Oh,
I'm very ancient,
you know,
so I knew all about it since I was,
I knew all these things.
Was,
was there a particular time that that it became.
That that it became active in you did was there was there
was there an experience of being called to know,
to your mission?
You see,
I took birth in a Christian family
and uh my father was a very learned man.
He knew 14 languages in
Sanskrit and all that.
He knew my mother was another very learned lady.
And uh
They
uh they were very
Uh
Dharic you can call them very religious and good people
and uh when I was born,
my father himself told me
that you have to find out a mass media,
a media by which you can give realisation to
masses,
because if you start talking about God or doing anything like that,
you'll form another Bible or thing like that.
People may crucify you or do something like that.
So if it becomes a mass thing,
which I knew I have to do,
but he also realised it.
Then only
the solution is there,
so you work it out in such a way that you enter
in a subtle way into the human beings and try to find out what are
their problems and permutations and combinations of
the problems and how one can overcome it
and how the Kundalini can work out in a mass way.
So I worked it out.
I went to all these fake gurus and all these masters so called
to find out what do they do and how they work it out.
I worked very hard
and then.
They came and I thought,
now this is the time.
So at what point in your life did you actually begin teaching,
taking,
taking students or or or actually transmitting in 1970 on the 5th of May,
this the last,
you can say the opening took place,
and uh after that
I started,
but I had only one disciple for some days
like that gradually it moved on.
I could tell that you were speaking about in Christian
terms in a in a in an unusual way for I
I could sense that you
weren't speaking uh just
just as an ordinary Hindu.
I mean,
I,
it's interesting that you were born in a Christian family of course.
The
the uh.
I'm Hindu,
Christian,
and you refer to Mohammed.
Yes,
I was with him also.
What to do?
I was with all of them.
So in,
in,
in previous lifetimes you you you you know with all of them,
yes,
with all of them,
you see,
I've,
I've witnessed all that.
That's how I'm such an expert on human beings,
I think.
The
The thing which,
which I find remarkable about uh.
About the the way you're transmitting spiritual energy is
that you are the awakening of spiritual energy is that
your your students tell me that.
That they also
uh
become able to.
To awaken the spiritual energy of another person,
that should be the criteria for everyone,
isn't it?
If you do not get anything out of your guru,
what's the use of having such a guru there who just takes your money,
does no work for you,
and gives you nothing?
So what's the use of giving all the time?
You must get some return.
But uh
uh.
In the past,
great teachers
have.
Have had
only a few disciples who who were strong enough to
to also awaken the spiritual energy of other people.
It was it was enough for them just to be able to
to uh
uh transform themselves
where it takes great strength not only to transform yourself but to
to become an ocean liner for other people to
to
to the ocean.
But that is always in nature also if you see there's only one flower on a tree.
Then there are sometimes 2,
then there are 10,
then there is a blossom time.
You see,
the time is such that this time have come and maybe
something about me also which one should discover after realisation,
isn't it?
Are your mother and father still living?
No,
there are no water.
I myself 60 years of age.
You look so young.
That's a camouflage.
Yeah.
My daughter is 34 now elder daughter.
And I have grandchildren.
I,
when we were in India recently,
we were fortunate enough to.
Meet with an under my ma
and I just heard that she passed away.
Couple of months ago.
But what good did she do?
You see what I'm saying you should see to these people.
She actually got hold of all the bureaucrats of India.
I must tell you the facts as they are,
and the bureaucrats,
all those recently I had one.
Her disciple,
who was a patient of angina,
high blood pressure,
I mean one can't understand
that with
The spiritual life.
How can you have high blood pressure?
It cannot go hand in hand.
A person who is a realised soul
must have a low blood pressure,
a peaceful personality,
isn't it?
This is how all her disciples come to me with some trouble,
mostly with kidney troubles,
with heart troubles.
I
I can't understand.
She couldn't even look after their health.
What was she doing?
At least the
health of your children should be all right,
isn't it?
You call yourself Ma.
What do you do as Ma?
I said,
mother,
at least look after your health.
If a mother can't look after the health of children,
I think she's good for nothing.
Are there any um
Are there any
Spiritual masters
in India today that that you respect that you feel are.
Oh,
there are many,
many of them,
they come and see me,
but they live in
the hidings,
I should call that.
Uh,
there are many.
I asked one of them to come here.
He ran away in 3 days from New York,
believe me,
really,
it was
too much for him.
He said,
I don't know how are you there?
After 12 years you tell me to go there,
not now.
He couldn't come.
He couldn't stay here.
He said they don't understand,
uh,
spirituality.
They only understand dollars.
So it's
impossible for him.
They have no patience.
One thing I've seen,
they have no patience with human beings.
They're cut off,
perhaps
too much,
but they are true.
That's true.
There's no doubt they're not in the market.
They have suffered.
One of them,
uh,
suffered so much.
His legs were paralysed,
his hands were broken,
and he does not know how to go about.
So he has one,
tiger.
On the tiger he writes
because he says it's better to be on the tiger,
so at least human beings are afraid of the tiger.
We have many
Since since you
are a master of kundalini.
I,
I would be interested to know what you're feeling about Sri Rama
Krishna and Sarada Devi is Shri Ramma Krishna was a kind of
A spontaneous master Kundalini
who Ram Krishna Pawans,
not at all.
Where was he?
He gave realisation to no one,
did he?
He never gave any realisation to anyone.
What was he master of Kundalini?
He just played about with everything.
You just listen to him what he says.
I will say Raman Masjid was
because he talked of the self.
But when did he?
Ram Krishna was never he was always in separation.
A person who is in separation is not a real life so.
It's a simple test.
Anybody who thinks,
Oh God,
when will you meet me?
That means he is not a real life so.
Supposing I'm in New York,
I'm not going to say,
when are we,
am I reaching New York?
If I'm in New York,
I'm in New York.
You see,
you must use your brains in judging all the gurus.
Ram Krishna,
I would not call him.
He was a devotee of Devi is all right.
That was all right,
but he was not realised so.
If he was a realised soul,
why was he crying and weeping and shouting and dancing?
I said,
thank you very much.
I'm,
I'm very honoured to talk to you,
but
I think we should go.
They're enamoured by Ram Krishna now.
What to do?
What has Ram Krishna given to anyone?
Just look at that.
No,
my child,
you must understand the people of Ram Krishna are suffering from cancer today.
He suffered from cancer himself.
This is the trouble with these people.
It's better you are on the tip.
Just tell me.
Now what has Krishna,
he himself suffered from cancer.
No,
I cannot tell them the truth.
And Ram Krishna,
master of Kundalini,
whom did he give realisation?
Why are they so false?
They're not honest people.
Now what am I to tell her?
Should I tell them the truth or not to tell.
It has to be the truth.
This is it,
you see,
they don't want to face the truth.
They're dishonest.
When Ram Krishna has done no good,
their people are suffering from cancer today.
That identified
I went to the ashrams.
You tell him,
tell him that I was there and why did you,
you see,
they were all sick people all left sided.
They have got cancers.
What are they doing?
Why don't they understand these people?
That taking part he's all right.
He was a
follower of God.
It's all right.
I didn't say anything against,
but he was not a real realise Saul definitely was crying.
It's a fact.
I mean you really,
he looks like a sick man himself,
he died of cancer.
Letting me know what to do.
I mean it's impossible that they're dishonest.
They're dishonest people.
But you can publish it.
In this case he may walk out,
but you can publish it.
A magazine will publish everything you said and be very glad
to have the article because people will read what they cannot stand
the minute they get the impact of it,
but they will read it
and it will sink in
and prepare the way by the written word.
This is a fact.
What I told you is a fact.
You can read him.
He's just crying all the time,
where is my mother,
where is my mother?
What is there to follow a man who is not in realisation?
How can I afford a wrong thing?
What is it?
It's nice to say good things about people to get them more into it,
but he cannot say this about Ram Krishna because people are suffering too much.
They are sick.
All of them are sick people.
You want to see that.
Because there are doctors,
they want the doctors to prosper,
so they have to create sick people.
If you had waited,
I would have told you we should go and see what's happening to the.
And the first thing they get is cancer of the throat.
He just walked off,
see,
you couldn't bear it.
There are many who want to know the truth.
All right,
doesn't matter.
So
what is he?
He's,
he was going to give it on the TV or something,
huh?
Oh,
it's all right because he's writing.
He should sit
He will not now he doesn't want to have it.
Um,
there is a very strong,
uh,
attachment and feeling
for the people that were part of that particular lineage,
and he's done,
uh,
he's invested a great deal of devotion
in the direction of that activity.
In
Sri Krishna and other people that come after him.
That's it.
He must understand he will not realise soul,
you see.
Give him a.
Let him realise he will not realise soul,
you see,
because people are sick.
Actually,
I,
I was,
um,
you should have told me about it.
Uh,
when I first met him,
it was a couple of years ago,
and he looked like a fellow in his
early twenties.
He looked like a fellow in his early twenties when I met him just a couple of years ago,
and I was amazed to see him.
He looked at him.
He looks sick.
Um
I don't know how old he is,
but he looked,
yeah.
Imagine he said I look so young.
What about Ram Krishna himself?
He used to look a haggard old,
uh,
dying man.
This is the way they are identified.
They're not honest.
They should be honest.
That's the main thing.
They're not honest people.
You see,
the strength is honesty.
If you don't have that strength within you of honesty,
you cannot stand the truth.
That's the point.
You may telephone and tell him this,
that you see there's nothing to be so upset about it because what mother says is true.
We have patients from him.
Mother is curing them,
she has to cure.
He's not coming down here to cure people
himself is sick.
I didn't say anything.
When if you can uh again say what what is going on,
just see what did I say exactly about Ram Krishna.
Let's see it.
It's nothing bad.
I didn't say he's a bad man or anything,
but he will not realise all it was a fact.
But they have deified him.
They have deified him in a way.
They must have a low blood pressure,
a peaceful personality.
Isn't
this is how all her disciples come to me with some trouble,
mostly with kidney troubles,
with heart problems.
I I can't understand she couldn't even look after their health.
What was she doing?
At least the
health of your children should be all right,
isn't it?
You call yourself ma.
What do you do as ma?
I say ma,
at least look after your hand.
If a mother can't look after the health of children,
I think she's good for nothing.
Are there any uh
Are there any
Spiritual masters of in India today that that you respect that you feel are.
Oh,
there are many,
many of them,
they come and see me,
but they live in
the house,
I should call that.
Uh,
they had me.
I asked one of them to come here.
He then I mean 3 days from New York,
believe me,
he,
it was
so much fun.
He said,
I don't know whether how are you there?
he said,
after 12 years you told me to go there,
not now.
He couldn't come.
He couldn't stay here,
he said they don't understand,
uh,
spirituality.
They only understand dollars.
Impossible for him.
They have no patients.
One thing I've seen,
there are no patients with humans.
They cut offs.
But that's
That's cool,
so they're not in the market.
They have suffered one of them,
uh,
suffered so much.
His legs were paralysed,
his hands were broken,
and he does not know how to go about,
so he has one,
tiger.
On the tiger he dies
because he says it's better to be on the tiger,
so at least human beings are afraid of the tiger.
It has many.
Since,
since you
are a master of kundalini,
I,
I would
be interested to know what you're feeling about Sri Ramal Krishna
and the Devi is Sri Ram Krishna was a kind of
a spontaneous master of Kundalini.
Oh,
Krishna,
not to talk but one.
He gave you a lama,
did he?
He never gave any realisation to her,
or was he master of Kundali?
He just played about with everything.
You just listen to him what he said.
I will say Rama Masjid was because he talked up to the self.
But when did he?
Rrishna was never he was always in separation.
A person who is in separation is not a real realised so.
It's a simple test.
Anybody who sings,
oh God,
when will you meet me?
That means he is not a real life so.
Supposing I'm in New York,
I'm not going to say when are we,
am I reaching New York?
If I'm in New York,
I'm in New York.
You see,
you must use your brains in judging all the goods.
That which I would not call him.
He was a devotee of the is all right.
That was all right,
but he was not realised so
if he was a realised so,
why was he crying and weeping and shouting and now?
I said,
thank you very much.
I'm I'm very honoured to talk to you,
but
I think you should go.
What did you what did you say?
I'm honoured to have but we have to go.
He's afraid.
And he left at
10:47,
10:40 I think.
when you have time,
I have an interview.
When you have time I put it on a tape and we'll use it in the radio station in Boston.
It's all done and if they can tape it for me,
then I'll have the answers on the tape.
You would like to send this one or you would
like to have another one they can ask me questions,
questions would be better.
When you don't want to take a tape out of that.
Well,
I can do it now if you want to do it now.
If you want to rest,
I can do it later.
No,
why not have a tape?
If you have to send it to Boston,
then you'll have a tape ready and get them to come down.
I said I would call them as soon as you came and we know how much time you had.
All right,
we can do it now.
It's good,
you have more time to.
I thought it was a wonderful interview.
I don't understand.
No,
no,
you see he was trying to aiming at that,
you see.
But no,
he came with that purpose.
His voice was horrid.
His stomach was wobbling,
completely wobbling.
Poor fellow was nervous.
He couldn't look at me.
And and left left uh.
The shooting left towards.
It's a fact,
you know what I'm saying is if the disciples are so very sick,
he himself is sick,
that woman is sick.
When you'll get
troubles,
he'll come to me,
I know.
You see,
the problem of it is that there are
these people
that have the ear of the public are targets,
major targets.
And uh they're attacked regularly,
you see,
and what
they think is spirituality is really something that is just invading them
which I think is spirituality what they think is real
is just something that's invading them in order to get the ear
of the public in order to get the attention of the public.
Uh,
he has,
uh,
a very large listening audience
and so,
uh,
this,
which is the mecca for the boots,
you know,
in this world,
but this country in particular and perhaps
his particular programme is one
voice
that I would think the,
the boots in the area want to have silenced or at least under their control,
um.
They are he got upset when I said I was Christian,
I told you.
Because
what Ramak Krishna was,
he was against Christians
and especially Vivekan was very much against Christianity
and Christians,
and you know just to outwit them,
he started this missionary work.
See,
in the Hindu religion there is nothing like missionary work.
It's called as the worst of all.
It's the menial work,
you see,
it's not a Brahmin,
you see this missionary work,
because the first concept is wrong,
that somebody is the other
whom to emancipate you are.
You,
if you are the spirit,
then you don't have to help anybody.
It is just your part and parcel that you are helping,
you see.
So the whole idea is regarded as hura is regarded as low.
This is menial
according to Indian philosophy,
see,
and that's exactly started
just like all the if he had sat here,
I would have told him all about it.
He started this idea or this,
uh,
what's his name,
Ram Krishna.
Uh,
of the missionary work,
but the one who's really
gave it a shape was his disciple.
He started missionary things and hospitals and this and that,
all kinds of things
and horrible.
That
extremely money minded,
extremely,
uh,
gregarious.
All kinds of problems they have.
There's no transformation,
nothing.
Whom did you transform?
I mean,
you must face it.
This is the point.
Now,
if this person,
he got upset because I said I was born in a Christian family,
I can tell you.
They couldn't take
They are against Christ
All of them
are against price.
They don't believe in Christianity as Christ this thing,
take it from me.
This is the reason.
Is it a government radio he is operating?
No,
it's a listener sponsored
radio.
Is,
uh,
listener sponsored.
He works on the station.
It's called WBAI.
Who who owns them?
The it's owned by the people that's that support it.
By the same people,
the public,
publicly maintained.
It's the public.
Yes,
the public sends money in.
The government gives a very,
very small part if the public is doing it now.
It's a private man must be doing somebody who
must have put the money must have started.
No,
actually they depend almost entirely on public contributions,
but who is,
I mean,
there must be somebody we can do it now.
It's good you have more time to.
I thought it was a wonderful interview.
I don't understand.
No,
no,
you see he was trying to aiming at that,
you see.
No,
he came with that purpose.
His voice was horrid.
His stomach was wobbling,
completely wobbling.
Poor fellow was nervous.
He couldn't look at me.
And and left left uh.
The shoot and
left all this time.
It's a fact,
you know,
whatever I'm saying is if the disciples are so very sick,
he himself is sick,
that woman is sick.
When you'll get
troubles,
he'll come to me,
I know.
You see,
the problem of it is that
there are
these people
that have the ear of the public are targets see major targets,
and uh they're attacked regularly,
you see,
and what
they think is spirituality is really something that is just invading
them which I think is spirituality what they think is real
is just something that's invading them in order to get the ear
of the public in order to get the attention of the public.
Uh,
he has,
uh,
a very large listening audience
and so,
uh,
this,
which is the mecca for the boots,
you know,
in this world,
but this country in particular and perhaps,
uh,
his particular programme is one
voice
that I would think the the boots in the area
want to have silenced or at least under their control,
um.
He got upset when I said I was Christian.
I tell you
because what Ramak Krishna was,
he was against Christians
and especially Vive was very much against Christianity and
Christians and you know just to outwit them,
he started this missionary work.
See,
in the Hindu religion there is nothing like missionary work.
It's called as the worst of all.
It's the menial work,
you see,
it's not a Brahmins,
you see this missionary work,
because the first concept is wrong,
that somebody is the other
whom to emancipate you are.
You,
if you are the spirit,
then you don't have to help anybody.
It is just your part and parcel that you are helping,
you see.
So the whole idea is regarded as hora is regarded as low.
This is menial
according to Indian philosophy,
see,
and that's exactly started
just like all the if he had sat here,
I would have told him all about it.
He started this idea or this,
uh,
what's his name,
Ram Krishna.
Uh,
of the missionary work,
but the one who's really
gave it a shape was his disciple.
He started missionary things and hospitals and this and that,
all kinds of things
and horrible.
That extremely money minded,
extremely,
uh,
gregarious.
All kinds of problems they have.
There's no transformation,
nothing.
Whom did you transform?
I mean,
you must face it.
This is the point.
Now,
if this person,
he got upset because I said I was born in a Christian family,
I can tell you.
They couldn't take it.
They are against Christ
All of them
are against us.
They don't believe in Christianity as Christ this thing,
take it from me.
This is the reason.
Is it a government radio he's operating?
No,
it's a listener sponsored
radio.
It's all,
uh,
listener sponsored.
He works on the station.
It's called WBAI.
Who who owns them?
The it's owned by the people that's that support it.
By the same people,
the public,
the public's publicly maintained.
It's the public.
Yes,
the public sends money in.
The government gives a very,
very small part if the public is doing it now.
It's a private man must be doing somebody who
must have put the money must have started.
No,
actually they depend almost entirely on public contributions.
But who is,
I mean,
there must be somebody who is in charge.
They have different managers.
You see,
then you can write to them
that this man is a follower of Ram Krishna
who was against Christianity,
was against Christ,
and that's why when Mother said it,
she was upset.
Why not write to them?
You see,
he must be having bosses also.
Uh,
he has a free hand in what kind of programme,
whatever it is,
but you can point it out that he's biassed.
He's not open minded.
If he's doing work in that sense.
Has a strong
support for Christianity and in mainland Christianity as far as that's concerned.
Uh,
he's had
several
purely Christian figures,
uh,
Catholic figures,
as well as,
uh,
general,
Christians.
Then why was he only because of Ram Krishna being criticised,
so that means he cannot be a biassed person.
You see,
in a democratic country,
you should give a chance to everyone.
He should have discussed instead of leaving.
In his mind,
Ramakrishna is synonymous with uh a perfect incarnation of God.
All right,
whatever it is,
but you can't use your mind for a public work.
You see,
you must give chance to everyone under a democratic country.
It must be pointed out to the public somehow.
You cannot,
I mean,
he cannot propagate Ram Krishna.
He cannot put his ideas into my head.
And he's a public servant.
You both have equal rights in that situation.
You both have equal rights,
equal rights.
He's a public man.
If he's a public servant,
he has no business.
I think it should be pointed out to someone there up there
it's above you
who brought him here?
You know,
I'm sorry,
I didn't realise.
Where did he meet you?
I never did.
I,
I just knew that he ran a uh.
Radio programme for seekers,
so I called him up and asked him if he wanted to come and he said yes.
So you should go and see his
his superiors,
and you should say he's he's having a thing for seekers.
He is a person who doesn't take any money,
has done so much good,
and she's saying something,
saying,
and this fellow just left his the man he was doing good too.
Why not go see his superiors.
He's acting as a censor,
censoring censoring it?
He's censoring you.
Cutting people off from part of the truth.
Yes,
he's censoring.
that's the point.
He's censoring.
He can't just do it,
you see,
you should,
you should all write.
We are all citizens of this country.
We have a big group of them in Boston and they are all sick.
They have kidney troubles.
They have hyperglycemia.
They have almost every disease.
You should write why not why not write that I
was present at the thank God you were all here.
And mother was never said anything against him,
but she said she,
he was not a realised soul,
and mother has a right to say that,
and he just walked out.
How can you do it?
It's better
to pursue the matter.
To bring him down,
he may believe into anything.
You may believe into ghosts,
so what?
Everybody has a right to say what they want.
This is a free country or it's a
What sort of a country is this?
If we had someone to introduce,
Mother,
it would is the I'll have some water,
but for the other,
but someone to introduce.
And then I could come after the introduction so that they know the mother is.
7.
What you say,
right?
Anyone,
anyone Brian is all right because he's not from the guys.
Right,
but uh,
he,
he would be sitting here.
All right.
OK,
OK.
No,
you sit here
because he will have to go away.
After introducing,
but you can sit there what did you like by way of introduction.
About he's looking rather worried now.
Yeah.
He gets very angry with
you because he's a journalist.
That's why you see why he's angry because his clan has misbehaved.
But they're all like that,
I must tell you,
horrible people.
I mean he's a journalist,
he's a public man.
He has no business to have his own opinion,
you see very bad journalism.
You better get a letter from him.
Very bad journalism.
You cannot be biassed,
you have to be a witness.
That means he's trying to attract every one of them to his class.
If you're upset,
let's do some,
say something.
Mustav,
you better introduce.
He's looking so upset on his face.
This journalist,
huh.
I thought it was good to see they're so afraid.
They're so afraid when they hear the truth,
because that's the reaction we've gotten in Boston.
They're afraid when they hear
the truth,
especially about the false
gods.
That's
My pano
yes,
on the floor on the right hand side
by the door.
I'll give you the introduction and you can just you want to.
It seems that this is not this is.
Typical in the sense that
uh.
The usual outlets,
the usual newspapers and so on,
are
really primarily interested in those areas of power and money.
That is really what
I can understand that I can understand that is the
area that I think we've got to move into that
that I can understand,
but I can't understand this.
You see,
you cannot,
you cannot have your own ideas.
And your own identifications.
So
much that you cannot bear
anything else.
Seems that people are
are placed these sort of people who have an interest,
they are biassed.
They are placed and then of course what you call them
vested interests,
you see vested interest in the world.
Huh,
he left it.
He took your watch.
I hope he'll return it.
He'll return,
no doubt,
but good your watch has gone with him.
It will do some good to him.
He didn't even have a watch with himself.
What sort of an interviewer he is.
No,
so would you introduce?
no,
I would say that is he going to come in the film or not
just now he's very upset and angry is because if they like this,
then they can come down tomorrow and do
it themselves with their own television sound there.
I'll have some water,
please.
Little's.
Is there water here?
Thank you,
thank you very much.
Thank you.